pkp/pkp-docs Documentation of improvement of pkp/pkp-lib#9678 and pkp/pkp-lib#9823 (#1299)
pkp/pkp-docs: dev/release-notebooks/en/3.5-release-notebook.md

- Plugins wishing to modify the handling of requests to existing API endpoints should follow [a new hook-based pattern](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9434).

See all the changes in [3.5 API Reference](/dev/api/ojs/3.5.html).

## Task Scheduler Changes

The following major changes have been made to the Task Scheduler:

> - The XML based task schedule registration process has been [removed in favour of Laravel Task Scheduler](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9678).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The XML based scheduled task list has been [removed in favour of Laravel's Task Scheduler](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9678).
```

> - The old schedule tool `tools/runScheduledTasks.php` has been removed and a new scheduling tool has been introduced as `php lib/pkp/tools/scheduler.php run` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `tools/runScheduledTasks.php` script has been replaced with `lib/pkp/tools/scheduler.php` . Those who added `runScheduledTasks.php` to their cron schedule (or equivalent) should use `php lib/pkp/tools/scheduler.php run` instead.
```

> - A new section in the config file named `[schedule]` has been introduced to have better control of task scheduler. See [here](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9678#issue-2110219392) or check the [config.TEMPLATE.inc.php](https://github.com/pkp/ojs/blob/stable-3_5_0/config.TEMPLATE.inc.php) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new `[schedule]` section has been added to the `config.inc.php` configuration file for better control of the task scheduler. See [#9678](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9678#issue-2110219392) or check [config.TEMPLATE.inc.php](https://github.com/pkp/ojs/blob/stable-3_5_0/config.TEMPLATE.inc.php) for more details.
```

- [Acron](https://github.com/pkp/acron) plugin has been deprecated and removed.

> - Plugins also can not register schedule tasks in XML format anymore but need to use the laravel based scheduler convention. See [here](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9678#issue-2110219392) for more details and the [pln](https://github.com/pkp/pln) plugin as reference of implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plugins that wish to register scheduled tasks should use Laravel scheduler conventions instead of the XML-based format that was previously supported. See [#9678](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9678#issue-2110219392) for details, and the [PKP Preservation Network](https://github.com/pkp/pln) plugin as a reference.
```

## Improvement of Job Runner Configuration

> A new config `process_jobs_at_task_scheduler` has been introduced in `job_runner` section to [have better control of how jobs gets to processed by job runner](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9823) so that a large number of jobs don't get processed at the same time by web based job runner and schedule task runner to avoid possible performance issue. Also improvement has been made to make sure that CLI based schedule task runner will also not process a large number of jobs at a time which may impact the performance of application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new `process_jobs_at_task_scheduler` setting has been introduced in the `[job_runner]` section of `config.inc.php` to [better control how jobs get processed by the job runner](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/9823). This helps prevent large numbers of jobs from getting processed simultaneously when using the web-based job runner and scheduled task runner. The command-line scheduled task runner has been similarly improved.
```
